## Date 16.01.30 
## Week number
17 

---
Maybe start with horror, a history of horror as a genre. 

https://www.rebeccaedwards.xyz/writingprojects.php
### Mark Fisher's "The Weird & the Eerie"

Abjection

Histories of horror - literature/cinema/games
Inclined to investigate: Horror as queer media, horror and gender, counter cultures, communities that work within.  
Horror as feminist genre

How genre is constructed and received and how
Biggest circulation
Which works have become influential in their own right, and where is the appropriation happening now.

Gender and horror - qualitative of the communities of readership. Cult following from people. IRL webring of interest. 

Horror games and gaming.

Accessibilty - interfacing with capital, horror makes money and is cheap to make, horror sits outside (or uncomfortably inside a system) or it feels like an exception business wise. and people go in and get plucked out. People 'graduate out'. People go in groups, low-fi acceptance. Story driven trading off shock. Chasing the adrenalin rush.

Camp and queer and kitsch (babadook with his nice hat).

Taking the genre as the genre, not remixing and adding other things to it. Not trying to transplant or other. Not acknowledging the provenance of it all. The community attached to a genre being acknowledged.

Cognative model or data sets etc or a particular model etc. 



## Completed tasks
- [x] Set up research page via github
- [x] Created Obsidian environment and zotero
- [ ] Write a fan fic
- [x] Create the three areas of interest
- [ ] Create a Gannt chart?
- [x] Ask to access Iris and Jeremy's module?
- [x] Sign up for the research meetings

 
## Tasks for next week
- [ ] Begin more of a process of short writing reflections
- [ ] Close reading of a text, probably Legacy Russel
- [ ] Three terms fleshed out, and building up reading around them  
- [ ] Look at fiction and fictioning studies
- [ ] Look at film and cinema and genre
- [ ] Reading and writing groups
- [ ] Formal engagement with film studies and genres 
- [ ] Look at options for courses etc
- [ ] Read Iris's and Jeremy's module
 
## Pending items
- [ ] Finish writing a fan fic

## Log
Not enough time

