## Date 16.01.26 
## Week number
16 Argh

Questions: Should I try to present at the research days or just attend? Seems early, but a decent deadline to get my act together somewhat.

--- 

Not expression of identity, more of a stealing/borrowing parasitic taking of rules/protocols

What does para afford behaviour around - not taking on the genre, borrowing of the rules

Is the adoption interpretted or mediated, or are they subverted

Taking on the protocols and the defining features of the genre 

Tropes as tools

What is genre, am i thinking about just writing or am I thinking about film also, music, art?

Code switching
Styles vs. genres

Have a go at writing a glossary entry into what does this mean

Where does the Stylegan thing come into it, and LLMs etc. Borrowing loses its potency. Its not using it as a stylistic prop, its using as a methodolgy to interrogate or work through.

What is the system look like? 

## Film
Documentary, film studies, field studies - am I making a documentary 
Experimental film/essay/film

---

## Completed tasks
- [x] Set up research page via github
- [x] Created Obsidian environment and zotero
- [ ] Write a fan fic
- [x] Create the three areas of interest
- [ ] Create a Gannt chart?
- [x] Ask to access Iris and Jeremy's module?

 
## Tasks for next week
- [ ] Begin more of a process of short writing reflections
- [ ] Close reading of a text, probably Legacy Russel
- [ ] Three terms fleshed out, and building up reading around them  
- [ ] Sign up for the research meetings
- [ ] Look at fiction and fictioning studies
- [ ] Look at film and cinema and genre
- [ ] Reading and writing groups
- [ ] Formal engagement with film studies and genres 
- [ ] Look at options for courses etc
 
## Pending items
- [ ] Finish writing a fan fic

## Log
Not enough time

